Hey, thanks for getting me. Yeah, anytime. How does work? It's going well long. Hey, do you do you know?
Hey, oh
That's so glad I caught you
So I wanted to get your phone number just in case any works of comes up after hours, you know, is that okay?
Yeah, okay, it's six four six
Okay, I got it. If anything comes up, I'll be sure to give you a shout. All right. Okay, Paul. See you more. All right. See you all
Hey, actually, I
I just I was about to grab something to eat and I wanted to see if you wanted to come with me
No, thanks. We've really got you going next time for sure then. I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah, what was that all about?
It's nothing
I hope not
Trust me. It's nothing. I can guess who that is
Who's that?
Just a doctor from work. Wow, he's persistent. He's persistent. Wait, is he interested in you?
I guess when were you gonna tell me about this? There's nothing to tell you told them no, right?
I haven't I don't wait you haven't told him no
No
Not yet. I've taught you better than that. You know you have to be firm from the start
It's not that simple. It is that simple and you need to do it now. Hey, I'm sorry
I overreacted. I want you to know I do trust you
Never had a reason not to
I know
But I'm not a teenager anymore
You're not, but I'm always gonna be your dad
And dad's worry about their kids. It's just part of the job. I really need this job to pioneer
What if he doesn't take it well?
That could happen, but then you'll get to see what Jehovah will do. I'll talk with him tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to help?
Maybe say a prayer for me. I'd love to